[Metrics builder] Move resource creation to the generated code (#8555)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - `cmd/mdatagen`:disk_scraper_windows.go Add resource attributes definition to metadata.yaml and move `pdata.Metrics` craetion to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cmd/mdatagen`: Add resource attributes definition to metadata.yaml and move `pdata.Metrics` creation to the 
```

Author: Good catch. Thanks :)

Reviewer 2: These changes appear not to have actually been applied.

Author: Oh I overridden them locally. Let me recover it

Author: fixed
